[Clang] Fix stack-use-after-return in TryArrayCopy by allocating OpaqueValueExpr on the ASTContext (#192080)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now emits an error for friend declarations of lambda members. (#GH26540)
- Fixed a crash caused by lambda capture handling in delayed default arguments. (#GH176534)
- Fixed a crash when parsing invalid ``static_assert`` declarations with string-literal messages (#GH187690).

> - Fixed stack-use-after-return in TryArrayCopy by allocating OpaqueValueExpr on the ASTContext. (#GH192026)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a potential stack-use-after-return issue in Clang when copy-initializing
  an array via an element-at-a-time copy loop (#GH192026)
```
